Welcome Letter

How do they log in to the course? (on PolyLearn or Canvas?)
Is their computer and internet connection sufficient?
What external online resources are included in the course?
What if they need additional learning resources?
How will students contact you in case of an emergency?


First, welcome your student to the class in an encouraging tone.

Students are as concerned as you may be about this new adventure, and it is a
great idea to let them know you are there to help them learn and succeed!

Second, explain your "Course Basics" including:

the name of your course and section
the date it will be available online
whether the course will be on PolyLearn or Canvas
if there are any external technologies or sites they may encounter (online simulations, the Kennedy Library database site, OneDrive or other cloud-based storage, etc.) and any available help files or tutorials

Third, prepare your students for a successful start by including the following items:

direct your students to the Help button on the left side of the screen in the green navigation bar if they need assistance. Cal Poly has a 24/7 phone support agreement with Canvas for both faculty and students, but many other handy resources can be found in the help context menu!
the URL for the DRC  for students who need accommodations - https://drc.calpoly.edu/Links to an external site.
your preferred method of contact (phone, email, social media, skype, Zoom room, etc.)
------------------------------------------------------

Greetings!

I hope you’ve all had a restful break, and I realize this quarter is going to be
a bit different than what you're used to. My name is Allison and I am the
instructor of your Statistics 313, section 001 course. This fall I joined Cal
Poly as a new faculty member, and, like you, I am a bit overwhelmed by what
classes look like this quarter. I hope we can all agree to be kind to each other
and be patient as we all navigate this new adventure together.

Learning Objectives
This course is intended to help you be more prepared to participate in a field
where statistics is frequently used. The course builds off of what you learned
in your Introductory Statistics course, exploring how we can visualize and
analyze more complex relationships. I hope that you will leave the course will
an appreciation for the imporance of data science in conducting statistics, and
and a more robust understanding of the role statistics plays in the progression
of science.

Course Materials
The course materials will be available on Canvas on September 13:

- After logging into the Portal, locate and click the Cal Poly Canvas icon on
the left column (looks a bit like a kaleidoscope, but it’s really shoulders &
heads in a circle) – this takes you to your Cal Poly Canvas “dashboard”.

- On the Canvas “dashboard”, our class “card” has the course name as well as a
picture of the data analysis cycle on it.

- Click the “card” to go to our course home page.

- Start by clicking the "Start Here" link, and that should take you directly
into our first module of the class, where you can look around at the course
materials (syllabus, office hours, meeting scheduler, guides on using Zoom,
changing your Canvas profile).

Course Meetings
During the first week you will be asked to fill out a survey indicating your
interest in meeting synchronously once a week. I know that our course is
scheduled to meet synchronously on MTWR from 9:10 - 10:00am (PST), but I want
to (1) know how many students are interested in meeting "in person" on Zoom, and
(2) know if that time works for the majority of students.

Communication
During our course, I will be available through Canvas, email, or Zoom. The best
way to get an answer quickly is to post your question in the course questions
forum in our Canvas classroom. If I am unable to reply right away, one of your
classmates might reply. Please don’t hesitate to post course related questions
– chances are someone else is wondering as well, and can benefit from the
answer! I will often reply to generic emailed questions by asking people to post
their questions on the boards, so you may save yourself some typing that way.
If you have a personal question about grades or other issues, email or Canvas
inbox is best.

Late Work / Grading
I believe learning does not rely on perfection (if you always do it perfectly,
how on earth will you learn anything?) so my grading policies rely on redos to
allow for you to grow in your understanding of statistics.

In order to be fair to those who turn work in on time, I have a late grading
policy of a 5% reduction in score for every day an assignment is late, up to
four days. If you have a legitimate reason for not turning work in on time, let
me know in advance and I will waive the late policy. I will be very
understanding this quarter as we are all facing unusual circumstances!

However, please attempt to stay on top of due dates, which are almost always set
to Sunday evenings, but on occasion there will be a mid-week due date. The
calendar link in Canvas will show you all of the assignments and when they are
due for the quarter!

Note: please let me know ASAP if you have difficulties logging in next week –
if you don’t inform me, you may be dropped as a no-show on Saturday.

I am very excited to meet you all online for the start of the quarter, and
perhaps in person as well down the road!

Best,

Allison



